Changed v8 to v9, added missing properties and added explanations (#851)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/api/v2/api-docs-mdx/endpoints/deployments.mdx

| **public**    | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Boolean</HelpLink>      | No       | Whether a deployment's source and logs are available publicly.                                                                                                                                           |
| **target**    | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | No       | Either not defined, `staging` or `production`. If `staging`, a staging alias in the format `<project>.<team>.now.sh` will be assigned. If `production`, any aliases defined in `alias` will be assigned. |
| **alias**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">List</HelpLink>         | No       | Aliases that will get assigned when the deploymnent is `READY` and the `target` is `production`. The client needs to make a `GET` request to this API to ensure the assignment.                          |

##### Aliases

The aliases inside of `alias` are only assinged when the `target` is set to `production` and when the client makes a `GET` request to this API endpoint to verify that the deployment is `READY`. The aliases will only get assigned on this last `GET` request.

> Note that when there are missing certs for any of the required domains they'll get created in this request. This could make the request taking one minute to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when there are missing certs for any of the required domains they will get created in this request. This could make the request taking one minute to complete.
```

| **regions**   | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">List</HelpLink>         | No       | An array of the regions the deployment should be deployed to. For example, `["sfo", "bru"]`.                                                                                                             |
| **public**    | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Boolean</HelpLink>      | No       | Whether a deployment's source and logs are available publicly.                                                                                                                                           |
| **target**    | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | No       | Either not defined, `staging` or `production`. If `staging`, a staging alias in the format `<project>.<team>.now.sh` will be assigned. If `production`, any aliases defined in `alias` will be assigned. |

> | **alias**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">List</HelpLink>         | No       | Aliases that will get assigned when the deploymnent is `READY` and the `target` is `production`. The client needs to make a `GET` request to this API to ensure the assignment.                          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **alias**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">List</HelpLink>         | No       | Aliases that will get assigned when the deployment is `READY` and the `target` is `production`. The client needs to make a `GET` request to this API to ensure the assignment.                          |
```

##### Aliases

> The aliases inside of `alias` are only assinged when the `target` is set to `production` and when the client makes a `GET` request to this API endpoint to verify that the deployment is `READY`. The aliases will only get assigned on this last `GET` request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The aliases inside of `alias` are only assigned when the `target` is set to `production` and when the client makes a `GET` request to this API endpoint to verify that the deployment is `READY`. The aliases will only get assigned on this last `GET` request.
```

> **NOTE:** If there are missing certs for any of the required domains they'll get created in this request. This could make the request taking one minute to complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If there are missing certificates for any of the required domains, they'll get created in this request. This could make the request take as much as one minute to complete.
```

> **NOTE:** If there are missing certificates for any of the required domains, they will get created in this request. This could make the request take as much as one minute to complete.

Reviewer 2: @AndyBitz can you use the <Note> component here please?

Author: 👍

| **public**    | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Boolean</HelpLink>      | No       | Whether a deployment's source and logs are available publicly.                                                                                                                                           |
| **target**    | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | No       | Either not defined, `staging` or `production`. If `staging`, a staging alias in the format `<project>.<team>.now.sh` will be assigned. If `production`, any aliases defined in `alias` will be assigned. |
| **alias**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">List</HelpLink>         | No       | Aliases that will get assigned when the deployment is `READY` and the `target` is `production`. The client needs to make a `GET` request to this API to ensure the assignment.                           |

##### Aliases

The aliases inside of `alias` are only assigned when the `target` is set to `production` and when the client makes a `GET` request to this API endpoint to verify that the deployment is `READY`. The aliases will only get assigned on this last `GET` request.

<Note

>   If there are missing certificates for any of the required domains, they will get created in this request. This could make the request take as much as one minute to complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If there are missing certificates for any of the required domains, they will get created in this request. This could make the request take slightly longer to complete.
```
